So now that we have this particular tool that we have created, the bias detection, we need to add
this particular tool in the list of the tools that we have got.
So we have already created the tool for our playwright.
If you remember over here, the tools which are these, as you can see now we need to add our new tool
which we have created, which is this guy, the uh, Lang chain, uh, the bias detection tool as well.
So for doing that I'm going to add a markdown over here.
And I'm going to say, uh, add the um, add the bias detection, uh, tool in the array of tools.
So we're going to do that over here as a code.
And I'm going to say tools.
Uh Dot and we have got this append and I'm going to append this bias detection as well.
And let's go see the tools that we have got in total.
So if you see here look at that.
We have all these tools from playwright.
And we also have got our structured tool the bias detection, right?
So we have got all these things over here.
And now let's try to create our final operation that we are going to be doing, which is the agent code.
This is where the agent code comes in.
So I'm going to say creating uh, creating agent code to call the rag and the tools.
So I'm going to hit okay.
Uh, by the way, we should not be saying that calling rag and tools because now the rag itself is part
of the tool.
So.
Yeah.
Anyways, uh, over here I'm going to write the agent.
And again, the agent code is already there.
Here in the playwright browser tool, I'm gonna go copy this entire thing and paste it over here.
So this code is going to remain exactly the same because it's the tools that we are passing in.
We're going to pass the large language model.
The structured chat zero shot react description is correct.
Uh, and over here I'm going to say extract the table data from this, this this.
No this is not what I'm going to do.
What I'm basically going to do is I'm going to go to one of the page that I know is kind of a bias based
page.
So I'm going to go to this page, which I'm talking about over here.
So this particular page from the Times.com, it says that the BBC coverage institutional hostile to
Israel says Jewish group.
So this this page has got a bit of a bias information.
Um, which, which could just attack one party then from the other.
I'm not going to go to the details of this particular page, but as you can see, this particular page
has got a bit of a bias there.
So we are going to refer what are the bias this particular page has got.
And we are going to see how we can actually, uh, test the different types of biases based on this
particular page.
Because if you remember, in our, uh, in our testing and evaluation PDF file, we have got quite a
lot of different bias informations as well.
So if you just go open this particular PDF file, look at that.
This particular PDF file uh is the is a training file that we gave or not?
The training files, the rag file that we gave, uh, which is stored in our vector database.
And it has got some methodologies for, uh, for evaluating social bias of the large language model.
And this will tell you how an LLM can understand or identify what types of, uh, social bias this particular
LLM can, uh, can identify and how it can be resolving and what are the types of bias that it knows.
So it has got all the bias related information in this particular chapter, and it has got all the different
bullet points to make you understand how the bias can be tested.
You see that?
How many details are there over here?
So I'm going to ask our large language model if this particular page that you have got has got any bias
in there, and if so, what bias are there and how I can test these bias information from that particular
page.
It sounds interesting, right?
This is what we are going to basically be doing in this particular, um, in this particular section.
So this is the the whole purpose of this particular agent that we are building over here.
We're going to use the external knowledge which has been stored on our system, which is like the it
could be just related to yourself that you have got a Rag system, you have all your company details.
And if you're going to be writing a test case or maybe a development code or any best practices or a
confluence page, you just have to retrieve the previous information that has been stored in the rag.
And if you're going to be asking your LLM to perform some action based on the existing knowledge which
it has gained, so it will give you the company aligned details rather something which it has learned
from the training data from the internet that is different from what you have given to your rag.
That is what is the whole idea over here.
So now I'm going to do that.
I'm going to just delete this, uh, query over here and I'm going to say extract the page.
And check if there is a bias in the article, and I'm going to paste that particular article over here.
Um, and we will see if now our agent can rightly call our, uh, agents to extract the page.
I mean, the extraction of the page is going to be done by the playwright tool.
Uh, and the bias is going to be done by our bias tool that we have created over here, the bias detection
tool.
Uh, so I'm going to save this, and I'm going to run this code over here.
And you will notice that the agent executor chain is going to initiate.
And you'll notice that the immediately the navigate browser of the playwright tool is been kicking in.
And you can see that the the navigation is going to happen to the this particular page.
And it is doing some observation of this particular page.
Probably I think it's going to extract all the text from this particular, uh, page that this is the
tool being called over here and it is doing all these things and there is a failure.
Ah, look at that.
Oh, look at that.
This is a problem.
I don't want to use the page content here, because sometimes the page content can go wrong with our
tool.
So I'm just going to use just the invoke method.
That's why I was hesitant to accept the suggestion from our GitHub copilot.
Sometimes.
That is crazy.
You don't have to really, really use uh, some suggestions which the which the, uh, the GitHub copilot
gives to you.
And I also need to append it.
But guess what?
Because we have appended two times, it can go wrong as well.
So let me go.
Uh, probably clear the tools that we have got.
So tools dot clear.
Um.
And I clear the tools.
Okay.
This is the tools that we have got.
Uh, and I also need to add our new tool.
So this one these tools.
Look at that.
Now we have only one bias detection tool over here.
Which is amazing.
And I'm going to execute the code.
We will see how that works this time.
So navigating to the browser there we go.
And now it's extracting the text.
And hopefully it's gonna.
Yeah there we go.
See now this time it is not really failing because it's fine.
It's really doing what it is supposed to.
And if you go to the text editor over here so that we can know what is really happening behind the scene,
um, it's still working on, I think.
Yeah, look at that.
Given this, let's focus back on the correct article.
Uh, look at that.
So it has got some details and it has, uh, finished the chain.
And look at that.
It seems there is a mix up in the document content.
The extracted text does not relate to, uh, and it says it's not related to some information over there,
but let's just go.
And this is the detail which is given the given this, let's focus back on the credit article and the
relevant part of the article states these details.
And to assess the bias, there is a source credibility, content analysis and prospective representations
on here and the bias detection.
For this one is the positive bias direction and evidence.
So these are the things that our agent has found.
And it has now written all this information based on our retrieval retriever that we have written.
So these informations are coming actually from the retriever guys.
Our retriever is doing all this magic for us over here because the bias detection tool is doing all
those things for me.
And now guess what?
If I go to our, uh, Safari browser and to the actual, uh, Lang Smith over here?
I see, last time it failed, it's showing me that information, but this one is the last one which
has got past.
And you will notice immediately that there are so many things really happening.
So our agent executor is calling the, uh, LM chain, which is going to be calling the the model for
the first time, and the model is going to then call the the bounded tool, which is the navigate browser,
which is going to navigate to this particular website.
And then it's going to return to 100.
And then it is going to go to the long chain again.
And this guy is going to uh, to get all the information over there.
And then it is going to extract the text from this particular page, which is this entire page.
As you can see, this whole page has been extracted.
And it is then going to pass to the, uh, to the chat or llama one more time, uh, to see if it can
be, uh, used somewhere.
And then it is going to call the bias detection, because that was my next question.
So you see that the bias detection is now going to call our information which it has stored from the
Rag.
Look at that.
That's amazing.
And see the source of this particular file is going to be testing and evidence lm dot pdf file.
So as I told you the bias detection informations are all available in this particular PDF file, so
it is reading from there.
That's why it has happened.
And the total pages 223 and the page label that it has read is from 127.
So probably if we go to our PDF file and look at that, this is the page number 127 which I'm talking
about.
So just going back over here, page number 127.
Oh look at that.
So it's all the bias information guys.
All these bias informations are read from this particular page over here.
The social bias of LM.
So it has read that and it has correctly given that particular information for us over here.
So based on these information it went to the vector stores and got the information from there.
And then it is returning as the last output over here.
So this is the this is the system which is getting me that question.
And this is the human which is going to ask the question from the system.
And then this is the output which is going to come up over here.
And you will notice that this book, this summarize, should be sufficient to understand the bias in
this article.
To further analysis, need to request additional steps to be taken.
Care.
And here you go.
Hope you got the idea of how we can fuse all of these learnings that we have did so far into one single
place, and we have got all the different information monitored and observed with our langschmidt over
here.
And once again, that is the power of Langschmidt guys, as I told you, Langschmidt can not only just
used for the observability, but we can also evaluate how our large language models and the chains and
the agent is going to be performing and how it is calling the right tool to perform the operation.
So we can use this for our testing operation as many times as possible, so that the testing is so much
easier compared to just using the verbose information which you get from this particular notebook over
here.